docs: document FlashInfer sampler JIT workaround in install guides (#10954)
ai-dynamo/dynamo: docs/getting-started/building-from-source.md

## 7. Install the Wheel

Install Dynamo with a backend extra to pull the inference engine and its CUDA dependencies. Choose the backend you intend to run:

```bash

> uv pip install -e ".[vllm]"   # or [sglang]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Use .[vllm] or .[sglang] instead to install the relevant framework dependencies
uv pip install -e .
```

> uv pip install -e ".[vllm]"   # or [sglang] / [trtllm]

Author: Addressed in 6892cead09 — removed `[trtllm]` from the `uv pip install` alternative and added a note pointing to the pip-based TensorRT-LLM install (Local Installation / TRT-LLM backend guide).

```

> [!NOTE]

> > The base `uv pip install -e .` installs only the Dynamo runtime and frontend. A backend extra (`[vllm]`, `[sglang]`, or `[trtllm]`) is required to run an inference worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The base `uv pip install -e .` installs only the Dynamo runtime and frontend. A backend extra (`[vllm]`, `[sglang]`, or `[trtllm]`) will install the relevant framework dependencies to run an inference worker.
```

Author: Applied in 6892cead09 — softened to "will install the relevant framework dependencies," and merged the TensorRT-LLM note into the same callout. Thanks!

> > The base `uv pip install -e .` installs only the Dynamo runtime and frontend. A backend extra (`[vllm]`, `[sglang]`, or `[trtllm]`) will install the relevant framework dependencies to run an inference worker. TensorRT-LLM cannot be installed with `uv` — it needs `pip` with the NVIDIA package index (`uv` cannot resolve a transitive Git URL dependency). See [Local Installation](local-installation.md) or the [TRT-LLM backend guide](../backends/trtllm/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The base `uv pip install -e .` installs only the Dynamo runtime and frontend. A backend extra (`[vllm]`, or `[sglang]`) will install the relevant framework dependencies to run an inference worker. For the TensorRT-LLM backend, use the `tensorrtllm-runtime` container instead of installing via `uv pip` to ensure the right dependencies are installed. See [Local Installation](local-installation.md) for more details.
```
